When I stayed locker I get distracted
new video of the section I love
the cars I'm going to explain a
little that I would have to study those
people that is engine function
you have to study or as you should and
direct your studies to finish
working in the motor world
the dynamics of the video is going to be divided into
parts editions because everything has
branches coming from a path always
can reach the maximum no it is not a single
path is a bit I will go little by little and
saying each branch if any one understands
Well, you mention it by sanz I wrote it
per comment answer happy I'm going to
from compulsory education is
primary and secondary once we finish
that we have three outputs that I read
that would be to leave the world of work
work but just as is the thing today and
without studies I doubt very much to find ourselves
that is something familiar I doubt that
find but good is an option other
would be zero a medium degree and others third
high school
attending the middle grade as the
preparation that the degree means to be
mechanical is to finish working a
mechanical workshop
is lucky to be able to deliver something more
but basically no gz
efe is the top grade to be
mechanical then it's been two years that this
electromechanical body and another more
that are two years that prepare you
mainly for it deepen
much in everything in gearbox
clutches brakes all very very a
background
then once you finish this
You could do it the same as by sea
the technological because it is the most
It's a bit closer to that, but good
nor that any present
high school if you finish your baccalaureate
You can also access the upper level
and any of the middle grade there where
we would be the same and that we could
having medium grade we could access
to the superior and will have a baccalaureate
we can access the superior and the
career
and having the superior we can do the
upper middle grade there is a test of
access that the truth is that I do not have
idea because I have not done it remains a
programming that is not very complicated
but good you have to prepare as all
test that is
and to enter from high school to the grade
superior does not need anything simply
goes for the average high school grade as well
if you want to enter prepare yours louis
have stable notes you have a 5.5
there will be people above with an average of
a 66 and something between sure
once is once here you can choose
as I said between career or grade
superior a superior what I am
going to it and basically not
prepared for mechanics but prepare
the stick for mechanic but it prepares
as for boss in workshop or to create you
your own company there is a part
businesswoman in which they talk to you about how
that to a company the permits and everything
that and then another part people believe they
prepares to be a head workshop for
have a group of employees at your expense
When a car arrived at the reception
Well, you can say that you identify
the problem the inces to the mechanic
you have to do this
a workshop boss or someone a degree
superior knows everything but not so in
depth like what we have sown
medium for taken superiority three that
there have been three and a half grade I
said the three that I said that the
last suppose it 's electronic or that
body another plus those three have them
the deepening of two years must
give everything the three individually
also two years then you give a lot very
fast but you do not go deep
and exhaustion that is part of the
company that's what the degree is
higher
then already signs but if not you
you agree on a career with a career
Well, the options that I well Spain
Careers are few
the only one that I've seen that really
leads the motor world will be the
inside of the car but that's the same
is private even in madrid
nebrija and it is very expensive here the people who
can afford it is better luck
because it is true that the
little ball for people who have no money
obviously he can not afford it
I even think that just as is the
thing even with scholarships is the thing
complicated
so the other option a little more than
it's not so direct to the motor world
but it 's fine I would be the engineer
mechanics I started engineering
mechanics
and deep down to third you're left with something
related to thermal engines not
has nothing to do or is not I thought is
principle my technique this the engine had
mechanics is a lot of mechanics of
materials this is how it would be in doing
mechanical lingerie and not doing a master's degree and
already and because then professionalized not to do
anything else
make a master more related to the
world of the world but it really impacts
mechanics does not take the world the engine
social huge car but
private
and then of course, because all the
courses and everything you can do that
do a little more technicians than you
take a theme those that I have not
talked about the direction they were going to be
pilots should start from
young people do not have to, but it's usually
so for young people and take courses
driving and all that
and then I'll say this is a
thing that I want to go to do
enough merit is the school of monlau
marcelo
is a private school that has a
driving course a mechanics course
of average competition against mechanics
of competition because it's the one I
I want to go or at least I'm going to
try next year not the
following
this competition mechanics course
They are 2 years old as a higher degree but
there are several ways to access it you can
access only only with the secondary that
would continue in those two years that I have
commented more a year before initiation
which is to get contact because as
you do not have any superior or middle degree
you're supposed to have no idea then you
they do an initiation course that
so it would be three years
I said it's private so it's
expensive
another way to access would be having a
middle grade or a higher grade that already
we would not do in signaling also you
you are all years as proof of access
of course you have an access test
to enter because I am
has prestige at European level the
school a lake is important has
good projection then has a
access test
and the other option to enter is
with engineering and engineering that arrives
a master's degree in competition mechanics and
the truth is that it is something more technical not
so practical but that also has very
good departures
this of course is scale is not so
expensive as the incised your mobile but it is
quite expensive has another projection for
supposed to mobile genre within the
motor world are different but the
truth is that I have heard in fact I have
Some acquaintance who has done it and has
very good projection you can finish very
all right
and that I know at a Spanish level is what
There is surely in every community because
there will be something there are courses for example
for expert appraiser of expert doctor of
vehicles that is a bit more than the expert
hey insurance courses and but
mainly that I know in Spain is
this what there is any doubt or
any suggestion or something what I have
wrong times for comment and I
I will answer or if I have to do another
correcting video I will do it if the problem
it comes is that this serves you
because for example I had to go back
crazy because he ended anxiety and does not know
what to do I got into engineering then
I discovered the module through a friend
that is the engineering that I had done
in modules to the highest degree forgive me
I got to the top grade and now
little by little my coach or the mule or
and it's a bit like you see and say
that you surrender to study and yes
happens is because if you do not prepare yourself
you're really going to be able to fight with a
I prefer to work hard and lose
one is to lose the fund studying is not
lose but good to waste time
studying so that ending
working what I like because I do not
I have to work
on the street doing what I like
work I think it's going to be better to win
money doing something that I like that
although in the end one half will be made
The room will tire me less than the
good are of course I say that
it was not that you work if you can
house that money and fight for a
I dream that if we are always interested in something
is the kill yourself study and have a
scholarship or family money or there's always
options
and good and I hope you liked the
video because that's all I have
what to tell you
well that any suggestion comment
you leave in the account and I answer
charmed
the next